Hello. My name is Dr. Jackson. What brings you to the clinic today?
When did the headaches start?
How often do you have the headaches?
Are the headaches the same for the whole day, or is there a time of the day when they feel worse?
Can you describe how the headaches feel?
Is there any particular part of your head where you feel the headaches?
On a scale of 0 to 10, where 0 is no pain and 10 is the worst pain imaginable, what would you say these headaches are?
Does anything seem to make the headaches worse?
Does anything seem to make the headaches better?
Have you noticed any other symptoms related to this?
Have you experienced any nausea or vomiting?
Have you experienced any muscle weakness or numbness?
Can you tell me about your diet and exercise?
Do you have any allergies to food and medications?
Do you smoke?
Do you drink alcohol?
Do you use recreational drugs?
Do you drink tea or coffee?
Is there anything else you would like to tell me about your symptoms?
It sounds like you are having tension headaches, which are quite common. You can keep taking Tylenol or I can prescribe a stronger pain reliever if you would like.
I'll give you a prescription for Naprosyn. Take one pill 2 or 3 times per day with water and food.
Ok. I suggest you cut down on your coffee intake as well. If you are still having the headaches after a week, please call our office and schedule another appointment.
I'd also like to schedule some follow-up tests to rule out other causes. I'd like to do a full blood test and eye test. We may also schedule a head CT or MRI after.
These tests are precautionary, to rule our other causes like a brain tumor.
Do you have any more questions for me?
Try to reduce your stress levels and get more sleep. If you are still having the headaches after a week, please call our office and schedule another appointment.
What insurance provider do you have?
Yes, we accept United HealthNet. Please show your card to the receptionist.
Please speak with the receptionist after this to pay and to schedule the follow-up tests. 
Thanks for coming in. Goodbye.